Innocent and delicate
I’m tired of pretending
I’m done
What are you up to? Where are you? Did you eat? Goodnight
Baby, Darling, Honey, I miss you
It’s all useless
You got me like
This is not a touching Love story
No romance no sincerity
I’m sorry, but I’m not sorry
From today on
I’m a shining solo
I’m going solo lo lo lo lo lo
Used to be your girl
Now I’m used to being the GOAT
You’re sittin’ on your feelings
I’m sittin’ on my throne
I ain’t got no time for the troubles in your eyes
This time I’m only lookin’ at me, myself and I
(I’m goin' solo)
I’ma do it on my own now
Now that you’re alone, got you lookin’ for a clone now
(So low) That’s how I’m gettin’ down
Destined for this and the crown
Sing it loud like
This is not a touching Love story
No romance no sincerity
I’m sorry, but I’m not sorry
From today on
I’m a shining solo
I’m going solo lo lo lo lo lo
After the relationship, romance, emotion there’s
Breakup, tears, regret, longing
I like being alone, because I should be true to myself
Like the flowing wind
Like the stars above the clouds
I want to go far away, I want to shine brightly
I’m a shining solo
I’m going solo lo lo lo lo lo